On behalf of the Sports Leaders visit of
Zimbabwe,
I am delighted to warmly welcome you to
the eight week online Certificate in
Aggregated Sports Management Level 1,
an exciting and dynamic program developed
in collaboration with a distinguished
team of experts from the Sports
Management program at West Virginia
University.
Whether you're a sports administrator,
school teacher, coach or sports official,
your decision to participate in this
Sports Space column about your dedication
to lifelong learning,
effective leadership and the advancement
of sport in Zimbabwe, Africa and beyond.
You are now part of a growing
international community of passionate
individuals who are committed to making a
positive impact at every level of sports,
from class to elite.
The course will cover different areas of
sports management to include among others
in management, human resource management,
sports finance, strategic leadership.
This online program is designed to
challenge and inspire you to think
critically about your role as a sports
leader and lead up to every A lot of
transformative sports leaders.
Research into Zimbabwe and Africa sports
ecosystem shows that there is a clearly
divine career pathway when it comes to
the technical side of sport,
but the same cannot be said about the
administrative party.
That is what this course now is designed
for.
To fill up that case,
we're expected to launch this next
initiative in an online format so that we
reach out to many people this weekend.
So once again, ladies and gentlemen,
I encourage you to enroll and be part of
this program.
I welcome you all and let us work
together and transforms will develop into
more quantity.